1. How would you define Machine Learning?

- Machine learning is a branch of artificial intelligence (AI) and computer science which focuses 
on the use of data and algorithms to imitate the way that humans learn, gradually improving its accuracy.

- Machine learning is an application of artificial intelligence (AI) that provides systems the ability to automatically learn and 
improve from experience without being explicitly programmed. Machine learning focuses on the development of computer programs 
that can access data and use it to learn for themselves.

2. Can you name four types of problems where it shines?

Machine Learning is great for complex problems for which we have no algorithmic solution, 
to replace long lists of hand-tuned rules, to build systems that adapt to fluctuating environments, 
and finally to help humans learn (e.g., data mining).

3. What is a labeled training set?

A labeled training set is a training set that contains the desired solution (a.k.a. a label) for each instance

A training set is used to train an algorithm, and then you use the trained model on the test set to predict the response 
variable values that are already known. The final step is to compare the predicted responses against the actual (observed) 
responses to see how close they are


4. What are the two most common supervised tasks?

  regression and classification.


5. Can you name four common unsupervised tasks?

clustering, visualization, dimensionality reduction, and association rule learning.


6. What type of Machine Learning algorithm would you use to allow a robot to walk in various unknown terrains?

Reinforcement Learning is likely to perform best if we want a robot to learn to walk in various unknown terrains since this is 
typically the type of problem that Reinforcement Learning tackles. It might be possible to express the problem as a supervised 
or semisupervised learning problem, but it would be less natural.


7. What type of algorithm would you use to segment your customers into multiple groups?

If you don’t know how to define the groups, then you can use a clustering algorithm (unsupervised learning) 
to segment your customers into clusters of similar customers. 
However, if you know what groups you would like to have, then you can feed many examples of 
each group to a classification algorithm (supervised learning), and it will classify 
all your customers into these groups.



8. Would you frame the problem of spam detection as a supervised learning problem or an unsupervised learning problem?

Spam detection is a typical supervised learning problem: the algorithm is fed many emails along with their labels (spam or not spam)


9.What is an online learning system?

An online learning system is a system that can learn incrementally, as opposed to a batch learning system. 
This makes it capable of adapting rapidly to both changing data and autonomous systems, 
and of training on very large quantities of data.


10. What do model-based learning algorithms search for? What is the most common strategy they use to succeed? How do they make predictions?

Out-of-core algorithms can handle vast quantities of data that cannot fit in a computer’s main memory. 
An out-of-core learning algorithm chops the data into mini-batches and uses online learning techniques to learn from these mini-batches.


11. Can you name four of the main challenges in Machine Learning?

An instance-based learning system learns the training data by heart; then, 
when given a new instance, it uses a similarity measure to find the most similar learned instances and uses them to make predictions.


12. If your model performs great on the training data but generalizes poorly to new instances, what is happening? Can you name three possible solutions?

A model has one or more model parameters that determine what it will predict given a new instance (e.g., the slope of a linear model). 
A learning algorithm tries to find optimal values for these parameters such that the model generalizes well to new instances. 
hyperparameter is a parameter of the learning algorithm itself, not of the model (e.g., the amount of regularization to apply).


13. What is a test set and why would you want to use it?

Model-based learning algorithms search for an optimal value for the model parameters such that the model will generalize well to new instances. 
We usually train such systems by minimizing a cost function that measures how bad the system is at making predictions on the training data, 
plus a penalty for model complexity if the model is regularized. To make predictions, we feed the new instance’s features into the model’s 
prediction function, using the parameter values found by the learning algorithm.

14. What is the purpose of a validation set?

Some of the main challenges in Machine Learning are the lack of data, poor data quality, nonrepresentative data, uninformative features, 
excessively simple models that underfit the training data, and excessively complex models that overfit the data.


15. What is cross-validation and why would you prefer it to a validation set?

If a model performs great on the training data but generalizes poorly to new instances, 
the model is likely overfitting the training data (or we got extremely lucky on the training data). 
Possible solutions to overfitting are getting more data, simplifying the model 
(selecting a simpler algorithm, reducing the number of parameters or features used, or regularizing the model), 
or reducing the noise in the training data.